README.md, before:

# Mapping Neotoma against the DarwinCore Schema

<img src="c4pcdw.jpg" width="100">

This repository tracks the development of efforts to map Neotoma dataset records against the [DarwinCore](http://rs.tdwg.org/dwc/) schema to facilitate greater data discovery, reuse and sustainability of records archived within the Neotoma Paleoecological Database.  This project is part of the EarthCube Integrative Activities proposal between Neotoma and the Paleobiological Database, and is one step along the path to upload Neotoma records to [BISON](http://bison.usgs.ornl.gov/) and [GBIF](http://www.gbif.org/).

## Contributors

*We welcome contributions from any individual, whether code, documentation, or issue tracking.  All participants are expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/neotomadb/DwC-Mapping/blob/master/code_of_conduct.md) for this project.*

[Simon Goring](http://simongoring.github.io) - Assistant Scientist, University of Wisconsin
Jack Williams - Professor, University of Wisconsin
Mark Uhen
Michael McLennan
John Wieczorek

Commit message:

Added reference to the C4P github repo & Community Development Workshop.  Added image for the figure.  All part of changes to `README.md`.

README.md, after:

# Mapping Neotoma against the DarwinCore Schema

<img src="c4pcdw.jpg" width="100">

This repository tracks the development of efforts to map Neotoma dataset records against the [DarwinCore](http://rs.tdwg.org/dwc/) schema to facilitate greater data discovery, reuse and sustainability of records archived within the Neotoma Paleoecological Database.  This project is part of the EarthCube Integrative Activities proposal between Neotoma and the Paleobiological Database, and is one step along the path to upload Neotoma records to [BISON](http://bison.usgs.ornl.gov/) and [GBIF](http://www.gbif.org/).

Initial work on this project was made possible through collaboration as part of the Cyber4Paleo Community Development Workshop in Boulder, CO, July, 2016.  Much of this work is archived as part of the Cyber4Paleo [GitHub organization](http://github.com/cyber4paleo) and [GitHub pages](cyber4paleo.github.io).

## Contributors

*We welcome contributions from any individual, whether code, documentation, or issue tracking.  All participants are expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/neotomadb/DwC-Mapping/blob/master/code_of_conduct.md) for this project.*

[Simon Goring](http://simongoring.github.io) - Assistant Scientist, University of Wisconsin
Jack Williams - Professor, University of Wisconsin
Mark Uhen
Michael McLennan
John Wieczorek
